hey fast food fashion the hashtag
hottest trend right now in fast food is
miniature food today's new groovy item
comes from McDonald we love McDonald's I
was grimace 44 Halloween's in a row I
took my senior picture with a McNugget
look like Halloween's in a row a guy
dressed as Ronald McDonald touched me
and I didn't say mcfish brides come
in a container that allowed of you can
fit in your car cup holder none of a cup
holder put them in your pocket or your
cup holder you've got to get a cup
holder then where do you put your cup
simple all cups go in the glove box
right next to my gun at the end of the
day your camera is gonna be smelling
like the Hamburglar and the fry guy had
a little game of bang in your nose right
next to my gun so on a scale of one to
five fish scales i give this for scales
I give it to skittles in an M&M and
hiding everybody knows that all
fast-food places have secret menu items
like McDonald's land sea and air Wendy's
barnyard and the animal style it in and
out burger I tell you what was on all
those things but all those words would
make my mouth really dry so you're gonna
have to find out on your own we came up
with our own secret menu items my first
and favorite is McDonald's lazy susan
that's a big one covering chicken
McNuggets and you can spin it around
enjoy it with friends my favorite ones
from taco bell you got to Taco Bell you
march in there in the order a choco taco
it's a taco shell filled with little
pieces of chalk it sucks so those are
our secret menu items if you have one
posted in our comment section or if
you're feeling ambitious record yourself
ordering your secret menu item at your
favorite fast food restaurant well make
sure they're funny and then there's
drama in it then they look good too
because we don't want some boring
you